Madam, I listen to your kung fu
Throw away all the gifts of chicken blood
Mi Hyun, this fiancee
Not good character
What can be done then?
The young master can protect him
No need to repay
No sweat.
My name is Mingwei
I have an idea.
Is there so much competition for a job this year?
I cast hundreds of copies and there is no news.
The only person who made me go for an interview
Or brush KPIs for personnel in the past
Hello girl
Do you still remember me?
You are grandma Li
Hey, I've been bored at home recently.
I just wanted to ask you
Do you have time to accompany my old lady to chat?
Okay, then you can send me the address and I will find you.
You're here, come and sit, grandma
I don't know what you like, so I just bought some.
Don't dislike it.
Don't dislike 1073
Or don't buy this broken fruit
I want to count beautiful people
It looks fine to me.
It just so happens that I want to eat an orange.
Hurry up and cut it and serve it up
I'm used to them
Don't you mind.
I like simple and straightforward girls like you
Thank you grandma for your tolerance
Wei Wei, in fact, I asked you to come over today
It's grandma who wants your help with something
What's up
Bring in a cup of coffee
President, the coffee you want
Why is it you again?
Grandma Li's grandson turned out to be Li Beixian